Artists are responsible for the creation of art concepts, which are then approved and made into assets to be used in Unity. They should have their own Git branch that only reflects a small number of folders pertaining to only art assets. Art files should be placed in these folders and pushed so that the rest of the team has access to those files without the Artists being able to modify any other components of the repo. Should importing issues or asset file properties need to be adjusted, as Unity usually needs proper initialization of assets (ie pixels per unit for sprites), Artists can communicate with designers regarding quality of assets or issues with them.
- Tech artists in particular would be dealing with properly setting up assets to be in an out-of-the-box usable form. Programming isn't strictly required, but it is recognized when it comes to creating animations, which requires work on both scripting and Unity Animations. For that, a tech artist can communicate with Programmers to properly set up technical features.
Artists can communicate with Designers to develop ideas for how their creations would appear in the game context and work to find a balance in execution of the game's overall art style.

Designers only have access to Unity Scene related tools. GameObjects, Prefabs, Assets, etc.. They should notify programmers when scenes are safe to modify to prevent merge errors and scene conflicts. Should component scripts or properties need to change, they can communicate with programmers to code them in. This can range from creating new properties, adding variables to specific component properties, or creating Serialized Fields for designer fine tuning. At no point should designers alone have to create new script files or code, but instead communicate with programmers for the creation of new features.

Programmers are responsible for connecting the assets and the logic of the gameplay. They should only be responsible for scripts and any code/logic related components within the project. Access to other aspects of the project such as GameObjects, Prefabs, etc, is still allowed, but modification of anything outside of code and scripts should be communicated and only be modified in cooperation with the respective role involved. For example, modifying Scene components should be communicated and done with a Designer. Animation, as well, is to be modified in cooperation with an Artist. The creation of new features should first be requested and greenlit by the Lead Programmer and Lead Producer to ensure completion of features and prevent incomplete components.

Producers are responsible for overseeing the project workflow and connecting roles to their respective needs at a given time. They act as a communicative beacon that other roles can reach out to in order to resolve requests and acquire needed tools or information. Interaction with the projects itself (Assets, Scenes, Code) is required on a overview approach to ensure progress and create plans to move forward based on that progress. They must work to create viable scheduling, keep track of the game's creative and technical functionality, and maintain healthy workflow.